{Oops, this meeting is being
recorded.}
Got it. So just to reiterate the
directions from last time, so
you're about to look at a series
of pictures that tell a story
and you're going to imagine that
you are telling the story to
somebody who cannot see the
pictures. And please describe
what you see and what is
happening and as as you go
through the story and the story
is about.
It's about 11 slides long, so
it's going to take. So just take
roughly 10 to 15 minutes to tell
the story and I'm going to
share.
My screen with the story now.
{And like before, just tell me
when you want me to flip the.}
{I'm sorry, are we ready? Yes.
So whenever you're ready, you
could just start describing what
you said.}
{OK. Is that the largest little
little gap that we can we get
any larger?}
{If you could zoom in, I think
that might work. Or I could
try.}
{I think I just missed it. I'm
sorry.}
{OK, if it's like smaller on
your screen, you could try to
hit like the three buttons in
the top corner and then you
could pin it.}
{The window doesn't work,
original size does.}
{You could hide me need to see
me doing.}
{Well, let me see. Let me just
make sure it's I'm sharing the
right page.}
{But it might be better than
it.}
{Because I think you're and my
bills were taking up a lot of
screen size.}
{You're you're taking up a
Bluetooth you're in the way OK
I've I've hidden my thumbnail
believe you could hide you.}
{Put yourself to one side. I
don't move you.}
{Did that do anything when I did
that?}
{There seems to be lots of black
space rather than.}
{Well we we we can work with it.
We we we just said I'll have to
even forward but you.}
{Shall I say, you could start
when you're in.}
#START_flowerman OK, night time
scene all the small town. I can
see signs where a gas station,
the bar and.
Gift shop, I think. bait shop, I
think it says.
It appears to be night time.
There are Street lights on. They
might be gas, gas lights.
There's an old lady, old
gentleman walking the dog over
the bridge across the river. But
the river appears to be dry.
It's it's drained itself dry.
There's a dead motor car old.
Car that was in the river and
out of rivers straight waved the
car on display. There's an
anchor in the river as well, not
attached to anything. The
possibly ill dead boat in the
corner of the picture.
Old lady or the old gentleman
walking over walking their dog
over the bridge doesn't seem to
have noticed there's no water in
the river.
And the full lights are
illuminating the scene which
very dark and gloomy.
I don't know whether it's all
seeing the vehicles involved.
Then maybe gas lights, maybe
not.
The Ferris wheel behind the gas
stations also looks to be in
disrepair and the circus tent.
There's a dead tree like the
whomping Willow out of Harry
Potter. That's the corner of the
picture with that, with bird of
some description sitting on one
of the branches, the.
Someone looking out of the boy
at the bar which is in the
luminated inside.
No, not the bar, the gas
station. I apologize.
The bar seems to be closed.
There's a windows, a buddies in
the rooms. There's a cat thing.
One of the window ledges
Umm.
Smoke coming out of the Chimneys
of the houses. There used to be
a factory in the background with
large chimneys of being smoke.
there is a pedestrian walking
around, hunched over with his
hands in his pockets.
looks like a Well, maybe he has
a hat on. Maybe he's a maybe
he's a sailor. I don't know.
Ohh.
Old pickup truck with wooden
wooden sideboards at the back in
front of the bait shop and a
window of it with someone
looking into this.
Man.
Ohh looks cold and miserable
November evening.
Damp.
I don't see anything else
notable.
Can see the from a different
angle. Looking down on it from
above, it seems to be maybe the
same evening, you know? It's
dark and gloomy and misty and
Greek.
There was an old lady that were
carrying old bag lady with a
funny hat and the fur stole
around The Walking down the
middle of the street there.
Two people on a balcony.
Or at least, maybe it's the
father some other is wearing a.
a tee.
So it can't be so very cold that
I can't see any smoking out of
the chimneys in this one. So
maybe a different evening and
we're back at the cafe.
Don't know, there's to say one a
different cafe with four windows
above, with the shutters open so
we can see the rooms inside.
There's a not well slouching
himself on the wall by the steps
entrance to the cafe against
lounging with leaning with his
hands in his pocket. Maybe
smoking a cigarette I don't
know.
We have another fellow looking
quite, quite reasonable,
pleasant sort of young chef,
looking at off his balcony at
the bottom right of the screen,
looking at that he cannot see.
And the cat is sitting on the
balcony railing next to him.
With a motor car.
OK. I think pickup truck with
two people inside and they're
driving towards the old lady.
Motorcycle that is coming from
the other direction and a small
child abatement.
The rather impressive statue of
the.
Cavalier Type fellow was astride
a horse. It's rearing up and
it's on his hind leg.
It's either snowing or there are
distant starr stars showing in
the in the blackness.
I just noticed in the in the far
distance you're gonna lean
everything.
Looks like this the top of a
roof.
Which may be on the next screen.
What is another busy scene is a
two page printout for overnight.
And it's largely black and
white. And the old lady, it is
either a lady or a man holding
the bags. Blue hat.
She seems to be.
Colored in everybody else is in
white
She's approaching.
Small House of from from the
sidewalk standing in the street
lamp next to a might be the cafe
from a different angle with a
sign saying Coca-Cola.
With the old man sitting on a
chair outside of.
Above the doorway to the door
the clock says 730, presumably
evening, so.
Winter scene, there's a top of
that building, there's an open
window you can see here can do
the female persons living in a
child. Above that there's
another window open and we can
look in that room and I can't
see what it's showing me, but
there's a telescope on top of
that thing.
So maybe they are stars and not
snowflakes and we're looking for
left to right along the street.
See the, the, the, the, the.
Chinese girlfriend arm his arm
around her shoulder.
Peering from the side of what is
probably the cafe.
The streets are cobble streets
with other.
Pedestrian only, cobble , but
the people you look close to,
there's quite a few people out
at
7:30 there's a fountain.
And there's two people on
fellows sitting on the edge of
the fountain
With the resting his chin on his
hand with a small child next to
him.
I mean, seems to be splashing in
the water.
There's a couple going into a
building.
Doesn't say what sort of
building it is. Maybe a hotel i
don't know
And the open window above the
front door to that building,
there's a person in that room.
Building the left of that, going
back towards the old lady again
as a grand stairs, going up to
the main entrance and.
Looks to be in disrepair I
believe, but it seems to have
people in every room. Maybe it's
a hotel.
The next building over the very
peculiar roofline it seems to
be.
Corkscrew shaped lot of tiles,
all the peculiarity and there
isn't smoke in the chimneys.
There. Maybe it is. It's the
same day as earlier.
There's two.
Chaps to talking to each other
on the street corner, one like
Richard Nixon and the other one
one of the Mario brothers off
that video game.
Probably, just maybe. So go
overplaying under the street
lights.
Yeah, that's about all I can see
from this.
Interesting there.
Right with daytime blue skies
and some like pale white cloud
cover.
Lots of.
Treetops the building with the
box screw image and last.
Image.
Doesn't doesn't box screw. It is
strange, strangely shaped.
That we're going to go down from
the top down this time. I think
it's the same view as I've seen
we saw in the last.
The last image, so this is maybe
the next model.
And the town is gonna happen is
busy. The cobble streets are
full of characters.
The street lights are turned
off. It's a bright sunny day and
there are people in the rooms,
people on the street. There's a.
Fellow driving scooter. He's got
a crash helmet on, going slowly
trying to catch up with a man in
a wheelchair. With a leg in a
cast, his little leg.
The old Fellow sitting in front
of the probably cafe. It was
730. Nothing is now 8:15, so
maybe it's the next morning.
He's still sitting on his chair
under the Coca-Cola sign.
There's someone in the window
above that on that building.
Big Red Nose. Maybe it was like
a female with a Red Nose.
No one's using the.
Telescope that's still atop the
bling.
There is a jet painting the
shutters on one of the derelict
houses. They're going to be
blue.
the only colorful thing other
thanthe tree that's in blossom.
Milkman going over.
External factors. Stairs.
A fat man and an old woman, 123
children all seems to have his
satchel on its back, so maybe
it's on his way to school.
The the Mario Fellows these
these just he's walking and see
and see Rick Nixon so maybe he's
been pulled away somewhere.
But it's just a busy, busy
village Street thing. Lots going
on, but I'm not sure what it is.
They're just going about their
business, going to and fro to
work, to school.
Delivering milk, delivering the
businessman with a brief case in
his suite and tie
What kind of hat looking be
strange? These are scans through
one eye. There is another girl
walking down the cobbled path.
fat boy with a bow tie and some
lenders holding up his trousers
the waistband
half way through half way up his
chest.
lot going on, but I'm not sure
what is yet.
{Ohh, I'm sorry. Yes please you.
I know do that to you. And I
thought I was like looking at it
like was that not you're good.}
All right. Well, we're back
again. It's the same view with
the street scene, the clock on
the assuming same cafe with the
coca colas and now saying.
25 to 10 perhaps. So maybe it's
later that morning or the
different morning to different
time.
The no ones using the those
covers to the top, the roof,
someone in the room below that
telescope, there on the roof and
below that room is somebody else
sitting looking at with their
feet up on the window. They're
looking out of the street scene.
All the all the, all the room
all windows and shutters open
now caverns.
Really open.
Small town. The man that was
painting the shutters blue is
wearing a blue shirt and he
stopped painting.
Maybe he never was painting, but
he seemed to be.
There are 1 2.
Three children possibly play
football in the soccer football
on the cobble street
Another.
suspicious looking character
maybe wearing.
Like, like, like like like The
Lone Ranger.
Moscow resides seems to be
peering behind from behind the
lamp post.
2 girls crossing the bridge and
chatting away everything.
The.
Another fellow on a on a on a
scale of the cycle different one
like it doesn't seem to be
wearing the same sort of.
Like it?
Call it and maybe driving past
the hydrant. And that's his hat.
child with the red hat blue.
Skirt and a white yellow top
walking down the sidewalk.
Milkman, perhaps. fellow in
White hat and black peak going
into what might have been the
hotel thought last evening.
Another fellow sitting on the
window ledge above. He's an
artist. He's got an artist.
Looking at maybe he's painting
the scene as fellow walking down
below him and ice cream sailors
along just one of these ice
cream.
Handcuffed, he's pushing down
the gobblers. boy looking into
the.
fountain
I don't know what you are doing.
And there's lots and lots going
on. And what effect, I don't
know. They got delivery vehicle,
there's a milkman, I can see
that LK. So he's the milkman
delivery to this building.
Until the.
Side of that building was an
external staircase and maybe an
alleyway. There's a.
Suspicious looking, ill feeling.
Looking out from the corner.
A lot going on, but I'm not too
sure what the plot is yet, so
let's try the next one please.
OK, we move. All this is going
to be more each. Each page we
come to, we get more and more
coloured in.
So the top left of the image,
the the building with the
telescope atop it, has a cat
there now. So that's coming to
see what's going on.
Unless it's more monkeys, I
think it's a cat. They've all
got colourful rules. Very nice.
Going down that building again,
that that that the fat woman was
still in the window and not
quite sure what she's doing.
The drinking is a fallen off the
glass. I don't know what time it
is. Well, there's an old man
being being hugged by his old
child. It's the child with the
blue skirt and the yellow top.
She's now hugging that old man.
The other old boy sitting on the
chair outside the building is
still there still.
Looking vacantly out in the
distance, he seems really nice
enough. Old fellow, wearing
spectacles, got the jacket and
tie on. Sitting on a chair,
there's one. All those things.
Quite a number of people going
about their business.
Through the left or right.
Spawn in each of the open
windows. I'm sure that anyone's
doing anything.
Spectacularly unusual. the
artist
Seems to be holding his burdens
into we having a brush draw.
Doesn't seem to have an easel.
The removal company they appear
to be.
Taking things into the van and
the developer, Big Fat.
Industrialist, the bow tie and
a.
Ways goes, technicals looking
very imperious, and I wonder
whether he's evicting someone on
one of these SLAM properties and
the.
Anyway, all the possessions into
the interview removal, that is,
movers and shakers carrying.
Packages.
The fat man with the with the
with the fancy coat as a small
child that's standing next to
him.
Everyone else seems to be
ignoring him, but he's just
going on. Everyone's doing their
own thing. There's no
interaction necessarily between.
Any of the people in the scene.
Both of them, they're just
beginning with their own lives
and looking out of the window
and half heartedly watching
what's going on.
With no no direction much? Yeah,
there's an old boy.
In a blue shirt with his arm on
the shoulders of either an old
lady with spectacles.
I think so. In a green jacket.
No.
The man in this shirt and tired
to color that doesn't have a
jacket anyway. Perhaps he's
writing something down in a
notepad as he's looking down the
street scene.
The two men loading the other
boys. Or maybe the same boys
still playing in the Phantom.
Playing with paper sailing boats
maps.
No, that's all I can get from
this one.
Ohh no that kinda just noticed
another. Yeah, the the the
building with the telescope on
the roof. There's a old man with
a big beard, bald like and bushy
side bits at the top of his
board. He's he looks like an old
professor, so maybe that's his
telescope. We'll find out later
perhaps.
{There you go. OK, perfect.
Yeah.}
The man disappeared from his
window. The the underneath the
the rooftop, the telescope on
it.
So someone put a window box with
flowers and then next to the
telescope.
Since the previous image going
down there within that one was
left the window, there's no on
the other side when there's
green sofa there but no sitting
on it.
The book now says.
Similar to take last four.
the old boy sitting he, still
sitting on his chair in that
every image.
The fellow playing guitar, you
asking about that building, the
milkman has moved and he's in
front of that building. Or his
truck is and the milkman dancing
with the girl with the Red Hat
or red hair
He's got his white milkman
uniform in his white hat.
And his van is parked front of
that building.
The the fellow with the broken
leg is being pushed down the
cobbled St and we're down by a
fat girl in a red.
In a red dress.
2 3 3 boys talking about a
balloon. The dog there doggies
wearing some sort of saddle
which is quite old.
there is a small
Girl with big big round
spectacles, talking to the man
with the broken leg in the
wheelchair.
The fellow with.
bald head and pull from Tufts of
hair over the ears and maybe
like a a bakers apron blue shirt
underneath it. He's the just
just gesturing with his arms,
not sure to what purpose.
Seems to be steam coming out of
building, or maybe smoking. Now
there's BBQ, there's a there's a
BBQ grill on the front lawn.
Go to the next building over was
where the removal Van was
pulling away from last episode.
With the
Old man with a small beard and
goatee and coming down the
steps.
Child that was either another
child of the blue and the yellow
top.
It was the same one before.
The artist is in his window, but
there's so.
On the event down below.
And these were perhaps selling
one of the artist paintings.
Red sports car.
With.
Two people inside.
He's coming in from the right
hand side of the screen.
Into the of the bridge over, I
think the river can't see
whether there is any water in
the river yet.
The thing kept on.
You round the corner of the ice
cream salesman is still there.
There are children close by to
him.
Uh.
{Would you like me to on top of
the?}
{So. So what did you say? Oh no,
you're good. My thing cut out
really quickly.}
{No, I think, I think, yeah,
let's move on then, please.}
Well, I think it's getting dark
blue skies disappearing, and
there's more clouds. The clock
says 8:50. I've forgotten what
it said last time. The milkman
still or his van is still parked
outside.
The street lights are coming on,
so.
Getting towards the evening.
Fat lady is no longer in her
window again, nothing going on
in that room. The Greens over in
the next room is still empty.
And then they tell us we have
the scientist with the now with
a window box, 2 small children,
he's showing them the telescope
and they're looking up into the
sky, even though it's not night
time, so it won't be in full.
Stars and planets.
The family with a hat and a
green coat and a.
Some sort of bag. He's going off
scene there. Or maybe he's going
to cross the bridge over the the
ice cream man is still there, or
his or his his hand cart is, it
seems to be.
Opening is the inside. I think
it's an ice cream.
Maybe it's not ice cream. Look
to it like hot dog salesman.
They used to sell ice creams on
them.
The barbecues being taken in
from from from the.
From that house, from lawn.
No one seems to be in the
downstairs As you can see
through the windows upstairs,
there's some.
Man and two children perhaps
there watching television.
And then operating and on on the
roof of the next building.
Dressed in a Roman toga he seems
to be. Maybe he's making a
proclamation. It could be an
opposite result.
The artist is this.
There's no meeting.
The fellow on the sidewalk is no
longer.
Setting a any paintings the chap
in the wheelchair as lost
pushing him and he's helping us
out. He's playing football of
course in his wheelchair and
there are 1 2 3 4 5 children
playing with him.
Two more children go. Children
are going towards him.
The Nice green cells and with
with his with his ice cream hand
car seems to be being pushed
away by one child. Another child
is sitting on its shoulders that
maybe they're all the small dog,
all dog or sidewalk. They'd be
at union ice cream.
Most of the windows that are
unoccupied people have left the
rooms coming. Maybe it's an
early evening stroll.
Didn't deny.
I'm not sure that clock works
alas because I think it was
darker than an earlier time than
it is now, so.
Maybe in one picture they know
no ones at all, so I don't think
we can rely on the clock very
much.
Oh, couple walking down hand in
hand and down the sidewalk.
again its cobble The Walking
slowly back towards the fountain
Presumably the same town or
village from a different angle.
We got the cafe there. The
little man is still.
Oh no, it's little old man.
Of a leaning.
Against the wall that enters to
the cafe.
Will do.
Two people
Talking to a another third
person under the street light in
front of the cafe he might be on
a motorcycle is difficult to
say.
We got the rather splendid
statue again back on top of that
roof of the.
Cavalier type fellow war pirate?
That's on top of the walls.
There's an upstairs balcony with
a small family, the father and
child looking quite pleased with
themselves. Not sure what
they're looking at, but they're
looking out from the rooftop.
Actually, that's something.
Is this your people are bags,
but then they're all going about
their own business coming you're
going going home or coming out
from from another?
no Great deal of interaction
between any of them with each
other.
Street lights are coming on.
Don't know what the time is?
Don't see the clock? There's
still a bit of blue sky and
some.
Strange pink color clouds. Maybe
it's sunset?
So let's see what happens in the
next problem.
OK, this is more of a from
ground level of by expect the
same St same we got the the
fountain there was a.
Looks a little drunk, this.
Well, possibly he's gonna bolt
them on and he's.
Leaning looking a bit bored with
a large beard and mustache.
Doesn't necessarily mean he's a
bad person, but he doesn't look
too salubrious and the dog is
with him.
No car but that side of building
in motor car.
Next to that there's a man
sitting in his window looking at
his shutters over and smoke
coming out of chimneys before
after a great deal of smoke with
some smoke clouds. Look.
Look to be pink or red so.
maybe it is.
Sunset and the sun is shining
through the clouds. Or maybe
something's.
The old boy, he's.
Got a carpet bag and he stopped
to.
I think that he's looking at the
sign that says for sales and
maybe he's going to move into
the property. We saw the people
being moved out of in the last.
But another woman looking down
from the window at the old one
And below ground floor, there's
another fellow.
Expect those bald head bowties
are smoking your pipe, looking
somewhat surprised
Jack the mustache.
At.
It was like a woman hat he's
wearing really certainly got the
start.
And he's either struck a match
to illuminate something, or he
has some of his hand he's
looking at.
{I don't see anything else
that's going to happen next,
please. Thank you.}
OK, so it's what we.
Closed in. in just one of the
buildings.
The old boy with the.
Shopping bag.
Sandakozhi tail talk with him.
He's wearing a green to the
scarf and A and a flat hat. He's
disappearing out of picture.
And there is a small child
looking very, very excited. Big
round eyes and a red dress and a
shirt underneath. She's got a
flower, just one small flower
she's holding in her hand. She's
very pleased. And in the window,
there's the.
Bald man fat man bald with a bow
tie and big spectacles.
He's looking at, looking very.
#END_flowerman Compassionate and
warmly at the child who
impressed with the flower quite
tell. It might be the thing that
the the fat man's got got a
flower of his own and one the
girls flower is. Pinky sort of
purple color with one.
{OK. Now I will pull up the next
one. OHS that is. Yeah for that
story. That was actually the
entire story, so.}
{It was a what that was like the
entire story wasn't in
snippets.}
{OK, so we're we have another
short story next.}
{OK, this one is approximately 8
slides so same thing as before.
Let me know when to flip and I
will share my screen now and
then put it in presenting.}
{Let's see if I can make any big
home from my side.}
#START_arrival-4 We we we got.
The screen is now showing 2
pages of a book and the left
hand page.
Is a series of thumbnails of
little closing images of.
Minor details on the right has
three of those thumbnails and a
larger picture. So we'll we'll
start off with the larger
picture, which shows a a a
bridge or maybe, you know, an
aqueduct. Those things, they
sailed across the bridge. Long,
long.
It's all legs to this bridge.
Below is on the sidewalk.
The book.
presume it's a sidewalk. Lots of
people walking around. So in the
business and wigwam.
Of the bid.
And a parrot flying and
strangely seem to have flying
ships as well, flying into the.
Under the aqueduct, is it really
is an act. It might be a bridge,
but it's interesting product and
we have a number of large ships
with with funnels that issuing
smoke.
Lots of people on the on the
sidewalk dog and a cat.
Man with a with a with a with a.
Long, Apron That his Workman.
And then to his knees.
Maybe somebody selling
newspapers?
Some sort of.
Smoke coming out of a chimney on
the on the other piece of
equipment on the on the
sidewalk. Maybe he's selling hot
chestnuts or some such.
If we look at the small
thumbnails now, we'll start with
the top left and we got a man.
Getting washed in the morning,
he seems to have soaked up in
washing in the back of his neck.
And then he go with this thing
and he's locked up and he's he's
he's trying to shave with a wet
rag. Now he's putting on his,
his.
Waist coddles.
Next on these shy tying his
shoelaces, his right shoe.
checking his money in his hand
and counting out to some coins.
That's grasping his hat.
And then we see a map, one of
those folding maps that are
difficult to fold back up again
with the.
The street layout show the town
layout showing the streets, and
he's looking to make sure he
knows where he's going.
I think that's him standing on
the sidewalk with his hat on his
jacket and his coat rather
looking intensely at the map
with a peculiar creature at his
feet that accompanies.
Looks like some sort of alien
aliens space creature
He's a space dog or some such.
Whatever the creature is, is
looking at the map, checking is.
And then the next he shows the
man he's deciding which way he
shouldn't be going.
And the creature is following
him, has a long tail and is
white.
And then the small thumbnail
show the industrial sort of
scene.
A road where your railway
elevated above some Smokey
factory type buildings.
Curving round left, right.
We may be very clear. It could
be a freeway with traffic on it.
It's very small dealings, is
that difficult to say?
The final three thumbnails show
the man peering at his at his
street map.
Well, you've had.
And.
The language is only peculiar.
It's it's it's an odd language.
I don't know what it's saying.
But, and it's pretty egregious
still there.
There's a long tail and a
peculiarly snake shaped head.
It's white.
Looks like.
Giant dragon lizard, but it may
not be.
Next.
OK, same thing again. Lots of
thumbnails looking at the
particular details and one
slightly larger one.
Which I'll do fast. May have a
group of people and you sort of
sebia coloured. All of these are
sepia.
Britains and flying boats.
With funnels issuing smoke and
there's the sky is full of them.
And there are people stopped
from the.
In the town, all looking up at
these things. Some are wearing
hats. One of them is they
holding his bicycle.
All the sort of.
Maybe late Victoria type people
wearing that sort of clothing or
wearing hats and.
Don't seem concerned, appointing
happily jump peering at these
flying boats, but now seems to
be alarmed by just vaguely
interested.
There's there's quite a number,
2345678910 or at least 20 flying
over this town.
Where do we go? Back to
thumbnails. Starting at the
first one, we got those peculiar
pictures. There are two of them,
and I still don't know what they
are. What are the has, has, has?
He standing on four legs with
most of his body, seems to be
hinged in the mouth, two ears,
and a great long tail that
turned over his head.
And he's talking to something.
standing on two legs with two
pointy ears.
Soul. Vaguely. Bird creature,
perhaps?
The nearest thing I could think
of, he's he's a.
Little reptile and that no one.
Some sort of bug. Bit like an
owl with big ears.
Move the next one. They're still
standing beside organ. There's a
man, the man with the map he's
looking at. He still had his map
and feels that he run to him,
but he's looking questioningly
at the girl next to him. Or I
don't think they know each
other. She's reading a book and
he's looking into with the two
readers between them. And I
think he's going to ask her a
question next. Then he does.
He's asked the girl the question
and she's.
we have the 4th picture.
But they're both looking at the
map that he's holding out to her
to help, and she's.
Putting directions or pointing
at something on the map and.
She has.
I don't know whether the subsidy
looks like he has another
extension on her index finger.
Anyway, so the next one we see
her looking at the camera.
And gesturing to all data robot,
I think it might not be a robot
like that. The old fashioned
Rotary dial for it could be a
telephone.
Seems to have referees on the
dial. They got maybe an air.
Well, it is telephone.
And the next image shows her
dialing about them pulling a
leap and then out of the horn.
It isn't just speaking on
something falls into a hand,
maybe a ticket. She's so she's.
And again, there's a variety.
There's Everclear foreign
language. I don't know.
As usual, she dialed the numbers
for the handle.
It is a ticket if it's a patient
and she's pointing at it and
she's given it to the man with
the hat and and the map and now
perhaps she's explaining to him
what it is.
He's he's he's peering and
looking interested at what what
you're giving him.
So there we go to the next page
and underneath the thing that
the larger picture of 1. No,
we're looking at the.
Looking at the the flying boats.
Thumbnails underneath. And then
we were seeing a closer, more
closer look at the people
looking at these strange
machines and what looks maybe
like a paddle steamer. We're
great tall moogie jimmies.
The man is a boarding this this
this this this this boat it
could be a paddle steamer boat
perhaps that flies and we see
the man and the girl of the
creature with the long tail
walking in procession with other
people and that someone is
clipping his is taking some of
the boarding this this this this
boat. I think I'm wearing
sunglasses with a pointy beard
some sort of uniform. We're
wearing a hat he's like.
Directing, gesturing the men to
follow the the line of
passengers towards the going to
embark on the boat on a on the
journey.
OK, so we have two pages. You'll
see your colored, we've got the
little thumbnail images of
particular bits of the scene,
and we start over. The man
taking and the peculiar creature
is sitting alongside.
That guy is is difficult to
describe. The creature has a
long tail, it's white. It's got
eyes on the side of his head and
small ears on the top of his
head. Most of his body does in
fact appear just to be head, and
it's hinged way back under the
other, so he can open his mouth
very wide. We haven't seen that
yet, but I think he will.
Then sitting in it.
Open air seating on what I'm
doing is going to be the boat to
flying boat and he's talking to,
well, sitting next to him who
has the other Vaculik, which
might or might not be a a bird
with long pointy ears like and
shaped ears on top of his head.
And the girl appeared to be
explaining matters to the man.
There are other people sitting
in benches and deck chairs,
woman carrying a child.
It's a commuter.
Transport perhaps? Or maybe the
emigrating to foreign land?
The man with the hat and the
peculiar features talking to the
girl with the other peculiar
creature. They're having a
conversation about something or
other. He's explaining
something, reaching in his
pocket, and he's showing the
girl.
Piece of paid a piece of paper
with a photograph on it and then
and rising video describing this
girl.
The.
In the picture on the page looks
right, remarkably similar to the
girl that he's showing it to,
and she now reaches into her.
Bag.
And pulls out another.
Huge, big. I think their
passports, they seem to have
stamps on. So you maybe they're
boarding tickets with, with,
with, with, with. The
photographs on look vaguely
oriental with the photographs.
And so they each have one, so
they've each got a battle with
them or they've each got a a
boarding. I think they're
probably part of the pictures
and they got stamped.
All over the page.
But then we move on to the next
on on the screen.
We seem to have.
Maybe she's biting, maybe the
guy who's been missing, or she's
telling me.
Man with the strange Greek who's
just telling her tale. I think
she's a prisoner and she's
reading a book. Man is coming in
and taking book from her roughly
and putting it in her drawer and
closing it and lock the drawer
clothes with a with a big
padlock and he's giving the girl
child they shovel dating her off
to go and do some work and she
likes the scene.
Sticking of.
Fire above my life, feeding the
the boiler of of of a steam
engine.
They're feeding into this bright
glowing.
Space in the middle of this
firebox, smoke coming out,
getting in their eyes. She's
carrying away from it.
Obviously two smoking. So she's
climbing up the ladder to the
top of chimney and she's
cleaning cleaning the chimney by
forcing a chimney sweeps brush
on a long nose as she's.
Sorting out the smoke problem.
Again, this is a very, very dark
sea burl fashioned depiction of
what's going on. On the left
half images is is just one image
and we see the girl atop the
cleaning the chimney and the
looking down on her doing that
we can see.
Schools of small cube, all
lagging inclosures, each with a
small girl feeding the fire box
of.
An engine of some description.
They are all these.
5 boxes of chimneys are all
emitting smoke and they all seem
to be feeding into the central
points that are powering.
Powering something.
The girl is not happy at this.
She would dare say have back in
the in her cell which is, which
has a shovel so you can burst
lock on the door and she's
escaping and she before she goes
she's getting her book back out
of the drawer. She's broken into
that, running away now with her
book cluster tightly to her
chest going down the stairs
path, whole series of buildings.
Really believe? Picture it. It's
a it's a railway line, railway
station, and she's climbing
aboard of a railway car.
Sitting all huddled. And no,
you're holding her arms around
her shoulders and give herself
warm with her book. And then we
see the train all sort of train.
Steam engine train with a lot of
great number of bridges behind.
I think it's a goods train. They
don't seem to be for people and
she's sitting in them in the
doorway of an open open doorway
of an empty goods wagon being
pulled by this train and in the
background you see the.
The Dark satanic Smokey
chimmnies of the town, leaving
behind as she as she escapes in
the train.
So ohh my lots going on this
one. So we're back now we see a
picture of the back, one of the
flying boats that we saw earlier
with smoke coming out
Absolute pandemic idea in the
back. Big circle of things and
rows of people sitting in the
body of the boat as it flies.
Passed a great giant billboard
showing someone drinking a cup
of coffee to be like.
North Korea using all the
Blessed King Jong Un
Posters on the buildings.
Funny foreign language and it's
saying we're looking down. The
city was seeing the flying boat
and below that you can see all
the traffic and pedestrians down
below as. They go about their
business, we see the.
Boy and the girl she's got the
peculiar creature with the
pointy count it is she seeks to
the man with the hat is French
creature, and the girl was
pointing out five interest as
they fly by. There's a gentlemen
with a hat and a uniform with a
with a megaphone shouting
something at them. Maybe it's
time to disembark, and we now
see the ship as indeed.
Tied at the dock and people are
waiting for it to arrive.
Waiting to greet, just coming
off.
A man with the hatches, shaking
hands with the girl with the
peculiar creature with the
pointy ears, and he's taking
leave of her, and we see him
walking down the sidewalk with
his peculiar creature. And then
he stands and ponders, scratches
his chin up. What's he going to
do next? He wonders, and we see
him looking out at being that
he's pondering upon, and there's
a giant mythical creature like
the one has walking with him
but.
This thing is enormous and is it
looking the?
the city and there are three or
four other people walking. He's
walking down a stoned staircase.
towards a.
The town square that had an
enormous.
The statue of the the mythical
beast will long tail.
OK, so he carries on walking on
on the side where we can see the
walls covered in posters
advertising something totally
covered in posters.
We pull out from that scene and
there's 11234 buildings, all
covered in posters, advertising
or somewhat political.
Direct, perhaps, and lots of
people walking to and from
business just the normal.
They know whatever town there's.
The two people, maybe they're
fishermen, have baskets of
something peculiar, like octopus
tentacles you can see sticking
out of the bags.
And then a girl with a with a
woolly hat and a woolly scarf
is.
Buying something from a hole in
the wall that she's putting her
head in and someone's passing or
something after this little flap
that comes down.
And they're older couple. He's
got a French barrette and
spectacles.
She's wearing a headscarf,
carrying her box with a arrow.
Saying this way, but in the box
is one of those peculiar
creatures again, but similar to
the man with the hat.
We go back to this scene and the
man with that now has a book and
he's looking at is the following
instruction. I think it may be
it's like a.
Foreign language book. It has
pictures of items like there's a
bottle of milk or a fish loaf of
bread.
And then there's the the I think
he is telling him what the word
for these items is. So he's.
No, no. He looks over his
shoulder while he's reading this
book. He sees his strange
creature, which is now up
against the wall, looking,
pointing at a draw. The When you
see an apartment buildings, the
the mailboxes that there's a
range. They're all different
sizes, they're not uniformly
sized or shaped. The strange
creature is pointing at one of
these little doors there.
Draw.
And the man with the head does
so, and inside there is.
It is.
He's checking in his book of
just to see what it did look
like.
They look like really full 1
legged octopuses.
Or size of an onion, the long
tail.
And he reaches in, and a small
boy has procured it for him. And
the man is reading his book and
asking questions. All the small
boy about the about item, this
whole boy. Now it is with his
father behind him with
suspenders, spectacles waving.
Children think they're trying to
spell the member of the hat. One
of those things he's saying no,
no, he's pointing to a picture
of a loaf of bread book, saying
you lose, please.
And and then he's pointing at
his and his empty palm, saying,
I have no money, I don't buy one
of those. I just need a piece of
bread.
So the man who is the father of
the small boy, he presses a
button, opens the door and pulls
out.
It looks like a giant egg hunt,
but maybe it's alive and he's
gesturing saying you can eat
this thing. The small boy
arrives with a with a Wicker
basket.
The.
Man takes away his, his, his,
his purchase in the Wicker
basket tucked under his arm and
the man with the spectacle. The
small boy seemed very pleased
with themselves, and so does the
man of the hats. And they made a
transaction that was all seems
to have been successful, all
parties a bit to be appeared to
be happy with it.
OK, so the member, the tables
and the suspenders is holding in
his hand. Maybe he's
demonstrating.
What the creature is, and it
could be a prawn, or maybe not.
And then we see it all, boy,
holding a horn of some sort it's
emitting.
Popcorn. And then they do. Then
the man is gesturing. They look,
you can eat this thing.
And the boy is a giant
artichoke.
And then we say back to him and
he's gotta.
Snake wrapped around his neck
like a coral snake.
Easing his thumbs like ohh this
is good to eat and he portions
off and the boy is eating at the
man is showing it. man with the
hat now has realized he can eat
it, so he's got a mouth full of
whatever it is and seems to be
enjoying it.
The small boy is feeding it
portion to the strange creature
with a long tail and the man now
goes off with his Wicker basket
full of these.
Tasty food stuff.
The peculiar type and design was
really tasty.
The boy is whispering something
to his father, who looks at him
and.
Shakes hands with men with the
hat, and the boy points over.
The the the boy has a basket.
These proofs, though they are
stuffs for deeds in the
distance, and showing the man
which we get all for real, now
appeared to be going off
together in in into the into the
distance.
Dried out.
Beach, Sandy beach. You see
where the water is made, ripples
in the sand and lots of boats.
Rowing boat type things.
The parked up there with a
fabulous.
Palatial building in the
background, many of them maybe
some people wandering in the
distance with the three main
characters, and the peculiar
creature seemed to be setting
all the other ones to the next
stage of the adventure.
So this little boy with the
Wicker basket now walking
towards the boat, it was like a
sailor rowing boat really, or a
ships like that, sort of size of
thing.
And the creature with the long
tail is walking behind him. The
boys wearing boots sends the
shoes and over neck cut.
And he's not finds a large.
Pot like a.
Boom and emperor, the shows
things you could, beckons the
man with the hat.
Him and look at this, and then
out of the pod she becomes
appears a tentacle.
The man is looking, and then he
stands back in.
In the state of New one, they're
like the drafted basket from the
foodstuffs.
oh his father comes over and
didn't have no need to be
concerned about and it's it's it
is a need a creature there's a
bit like a strange.
Octopus tentacle tail, the boys
very happy to be holding at his
very pleasing himself. Orientals
or dies slightly arm and
shaking. This thing everyone's
very about it. The boys choosing
proudly to the man with the hat,
the boy's father and his playing
with the with the new creature.
We learn as many friends with
the strange creature that the
man with that hat and they're
now playing with themselves,
while the the boy child remember
the hat.
Pick up all the food stuffs that
they dropped on the ground.
That the boys father is
explaining matters to the man
with the hat and padding on the
shoulder and sending him on his
way.
The man is saying who? I don't
know. Whatever the guy what we
write it down in this book. So
he has a notepad.
And I think the man is telling
him directions of where to go.
The man and the man with the
hat. The father, the John, the
member of the hat.
Are having a conversation
describing whatever the man has
written into the notebook and
the man with the the boys child
the boy's father sees was asking
me how I'm I can't go on here.
And then we have a close up of
his eyes. Yeah the eyes. Very
odd looks to be.
Hopefully teams in it somehow.
#END_arrival-4 With the scary
way, but we think it'll be
explained on the next page.
{I know this is not getting
you.}
{Now we have this one. I'm gonna
pull it up now.}
{OK, this one is 2 slides. It's
also a story.}
{Like before, just tell me when
to click but like.}
#START_arrival-3 We have 8 very
little thumbnails of a street
scene and presumably the member
of the hat has arrived at
wherever he was going to.
And is looking around to see
what his work what what does he
come do? Was he, what is he
arrived at and we see a scene
or.
Again, this savior colored
images.
Like a Victorian or Victorian
travel book, perhaps? That's
eagerly Egyptian in some
respects. Peculiar hats.
All writing there's a there's a
newspaper seller or boy selling
newspapers.
He has a tucked under his arm
and his holding up.
Front page headline.
People that building around
them, the type or one of them
was bought and newspaper from
the child and is reading it.
Then we see a couple of people
one holding up
Another creature, similar to the
men's old creature, but but
slightly different. It looks
more like a cat.
With a very long there was
holding it another chap with a
pointy hat he has is having
having shave on on on the
sidewalk there's a a barbershop
and shaving him, the boy with a
similar pointy hat He had wooden
hair, he's standing behind him
watching the man getting shaved
and also some giant hermit crabs
walking down the sidewalk. There
seem to be very large.
Maybe 12 inches or more in
height.
And there's a.
Pair of buskers, one playing a
peculiar violin. Another one has
a music stand and a very odd box
which looks like a combination.
Between an accordion and
trumpet.
He's wearing a hat and he's
wearing a.
Wind color and a necktie.
And on the floor this small.
Pointy head
Pigeon like things they're not.
They're very odd.
And then we see the next book
that was at the man with her.
With a spike lizard in a basket
on the contraption which is
issuing smoke or steam and he
might well be selling well. I
don't know, maybe cups of tea or
I don't know, it's hard to say,
but he's a street vendor or some
discription like an old pram
with wheels and this wooden
boxes fixed to them somewhere.
Another couple of woman's
something giant eggs they are
about.
2 feet in length.
Giant chicken neck.
12345 We're all sitting in a row
and it was the inside or outside
there's riding on the wall and
he was looking at her.
Looking at a.
We will be the newspaper,
though, and the reading, what's
what's being talked about? And
well, with the woolly hat is has
one of these peculiar creatures
on her lap. She's holding it
tightly. Run away.
Long years as well as like a
rabbit. But of course it's not
anything like a rabbit.
And then we finish off the the
man with the hat has a suitcase
now, and he's standing, looking
around with his chin in his and
pondering what to do next. There
is someone with the bicycle
behind him and a man and a child
ignoring him totally, he's
standing in the middle of the
road, wondering the next to go.
OK, a lot thumbnails on this one
that's taking the top left. He's
got a a compass of some sort in
his hand he's looking at.
Certainty very complicated
because it could be a piece, but
it might be a compass.
And he's looking up now at a.
The work gizmo on the side of a
large building this.
Clockwork Gizmo might well be a
timepiece, but it's very strange
and it's quite large.
On the side of it.
Top of the side of a industrial
sort of building then and
checking. I think maybe he's
checking his.
Time piece against the wall and
the big building, and he's
walking now.
Doing the street with his
suitcase, walking towards
wherever.
Decided maybe he does have a
destination in mind, or is just
wandering around the city trying
to find something to do.
Something someone should be.
Doesn't seem to have a great
purpose. He's really lost and.
Looking around, looking up,
looking down, looking left and
right. And then we see could be
snowflakes but I think it may be
lights appeared in the in the
background he's surrounded by
large little dots of light.
These trusted grasp one and and
and and we cannot live. Wind
blows up and it blows his hat
away.
He goes to pick it up and then
he notices on the ground a map,
so he puts his hat on and he
sees on on the ground on the
sidewalk and map with for the
directional arrows so that
presumably there is going to
tell him where you're to go with
his next stage. And he's
comparing the map on the ground
that's painted or carved into
the ground, he's comparing them.
With a book he has which is
taken out of his suitcase.
And he's doing that. Someone
taps him on their shoulders and
he looks up, startled.
And it's a man in a Middleton
garments of the foe by day with
the funny hat. And this man is
explaining something or asking
him what do you want the man
that this thing him. And he's
thinking about it. He's like
you. And he used to help for men
on the hotel would have only had
the men he's writing down in his
notebook. He's drawn a picture
of the bed. So he's saying, can
you help me? I need a room for
the night and says, ah, yes, I
know.
What you mean come this way? And
I probably saying, oh, cousin
who can who can help you
exactly. So they walk off to
presumably do, they to, to, to,
to to a hotel. And we see that
the man with the suitcases
walking behind the his his Good
Samaritan who's helping him, who
has a basket over his shoulder
within which there is another
peculiar creature with a long
pointy nose and long pointy ears
sitting.
#END_arrival-3 In this basket
slung over the over the local
chaps shoulder.
{OK, so it's another story. It's
five slides and just same thing
as before. Tell me when you want
me to click through.}
{You could begin when you're
ready.}
#START_arrival-1 Through the
thumbnails, nine of them. And we
start off with like a photograph
on on a metal shelf of
presumably a family mother,
father and girl child and some
woman when he's obviously we see
the growth and then we see some
hand picking it up and starting
to wrap it in Brown paper
string.
made of package of it. He did it
with a nice bow and.
placed it in carefully inside of
a.
Two cases or briefcase suitcase
I think or even a travel chest
and close the lid tightly
seccurly and secured it with a
with a with a strap with a like
a belt buckle so to keep it
secure.
The.
And that's this happened. Uh,
OK.
10 past 10, according to the
clock.
Which is sitting on the shelf
next to a origami pigeon.
The hat and the apron hanging on
hooks on the wall.
There's also a caster iron pot
with a lid and a large ladle,
hand drawn.
Child of mother and child, some
birds background waving and
being happy a broken.
teapot with steam coming out of
a crack on the side of a teapot
But it works because there's a
cup of tea.
being poured it so it doesn't
dribble too much, but then there
also there seems to be a a steam
ship, technical 4 chimneys.
Where is the loose Tania or the
Titanic but.
And and the the, the and the.
Large suitcase or traveling
trunk though we can worthy
photograph was was was wrapped
all his place on top.
Of the mother and child. We see
a picture of the image just to
remind us of who they were.
And then we come back to the
kitchen area with the clock and
the.
Teapot and they got the pen that
we saw before all all the inside
dual on the in the room where
they where the man and the woman
are and he's.
Closing back up his his
suitcases travelling case on the
kitchen table with two cups
teapot.
And getting ready to embark on
his journey, whether she's going
or not is not not known. We only
saw 1 ticket to me.
Maybe he's physique is fortunate
he remains at home with the
child. We'll we'll see on the
next page.
OK, so we see the child in bed
all wrapped up, under his
bedding, waking up, yawning,
scratching his eyes, having a
bowl of porridge, looking
wistfully over towards the
suitcase.
Man is putting on his hat. The
woman is putting on a head
scarf, dressing the child
warmly, the Wellington boots.
Woolly hat with a tassel on it,
fathers putting down his hand to
take hold of the girl child.
And they're walking.
Down the streets and now the
morning there's three of them,
hand in hand, heading off
towards the docks to get the
ship perhaps, but the as a
shadow on the wall of the
building behind them is a spiny,
spiky dragon tail type of thing,
which I suspect will be.
Be clear on the next page.
OK, well no, no further mention
of the Spike Dragon Tail, but we
see lots of little thumbnails of
the characters involved and
though.
The girl not looking happy,
looking me despondent, but I I
think what's happening is the
father is going away and the
mother and the child remaining
where they are.
She's not happy. She's not not
not not weeping, but not happy.
We see a steam engine train.
Pulling into the station,
there's there's no platform,
essentially just a wide open
area with people dotted around
with luggage waiting to board
the train which is now arriving
smoke.
the girl child is saying no
don't go over but so he takes
off his hat and on top of his
head was the origami pigeon we
we saw earlier on the in the
thing in the takes the hat off
and gives the child this this
origami bird to to remember him
as a going away gift and they
have a hug she holds on to the.
On the looks wistfully at the
other another paper guy she's
and giving him a hug and.
He boards the train with this
case in his left hand, and the
mother and the girl child and
the father grasped hands as the
train pulled until they have to
let go and he disappears. Mr
train.
Give you small or smaller as it
goes off and it's a journey into
the distance.
So now it's either that or these
arrive knows he's he's boarded a
boat now the train has taken him
to the port.
And he's in his cabin on this
boat. We see him to Fort Hill.
That we've seen from from a
distance. We see a large boat
now and he has three funnels
short before earlier.
And he's the 1 of 3 range rows
of of decks of passengers.
And the the image.
Because they're tighter and
tighter and tighter until we see
him through the through the
portal, sitting on the edge of
his bank.
Eating a bowl of.
Stew whatever with the.
Portrait of him in the
photograph above him and his
wife, his child sitting on his
upturned.
#END_arrival-1 cabin and
reminding him of home as he sets
off on his adventure in the boat
{OK Ohh the next one we have. Oh
and if you wanted to take a 2-3
minute break you can right now.}
{Let me get one that actually
finished. It's awfully
disappointing only getting
halfway through the tail. I want
to see what happens.}
{Ohh, you keep getting like
pieces of each one.}
{Get interested in the tail,
want to see what happens next
and then it it doesn't right.
Two minutes. Thanks.}
{Make sure she's OK. Sounds
good.}
{Does it explain I can read
them?}
{Being recorded. Ohh, sorry. So
yeah, you could start, sorry.}
#START_exhibit-12 OK, so we we
have now the picture of a a
scene, a brightly colored.
In in indoors outdoors. And then
there were those street scene or
it's a large building on the
inside it's.
Whatever the building is, it's
red. It's covered in, in, in,
in, in.
Paintings and portraits and
pictures. So I feel it's inside,
but there are literally hundreds
of people running around in all
directions or?
Doing the for instance, the
fellow.
Drawing a sketch. Someone has a
large.
Framed picture of a king that
they're carrying around. Several
people carrying this.
On the walls we have a picture
of a shark break oh, maybe about
6 long picture of a shark. Is it
like a balcony? A series of
different?
Floors with balconies
overlooking the central area
down there, which literally has
hundreds of people all
clamouring and doing their own
thing in different directions.
Pick out some.
That they.
The.
Either installing or taking down
the wall out of the the pictures
that are.
On the wall in, in, in neat rows
and.
It's rather going up or coming
down or they're being exchanged.
There are other pictures of
people, or there's one of the
fish.
One seems to be like a cat
carrying a shotgun dress.
The.
A couple entry in a red dress
and he's wearing it, so maybe
it's a wedding photograph or
wedding picture of all these
two.
There's.
Large picture of this more
impressionist looks to have a
large dog or a horse in the
middle of it.
People just just wandering
around, moving around.
And taking down?
Paintings off the walls. There's
no room for anyone to stand back
and and and look at the
paintings because it's there's
far too many people in in
picture
Well.
Difficult to see any puddles
behind it, or just lots of
people doing their own thing or
brightly colored.
Other than that, don't think of
much to say about it was just
lots of pictures and lots of
people.
#END_exhibit-12 On three
different levels inside the
building, the scaffolding and
ladders going up the the, the,
the work beginning where I think
on a new stretch of wall that
hasn't got fixed it. Maybe
they're working on loading that
wall up like the others.
{OK, that's perfect. I'll pull
up our next one right things to
say about it. Sorry. No, you're
good that that was perfectly
timed.}
{Next we have another complex
scene.}
{My screen, and I'm going to put
it in, is that mode. Like I
said, just talk about it for
three to four minutes and you
could start whenever.}
#START_by_the_lake This is the
scene all Willy thing I can
really address. It is by the
lake.
After the excitement of the few
days, the lake is the perfect
place for the Penguins to lie
back and relax in the sunshine,
of course.
There's plenty to keep the young
ones entertained.
We just stopped playing in the
sand and.
Dot is having a fantastic time
splashing around and trying a
different water sports.
Can I peek out of 10 Penguins?
Well, I don't know hundreds of
characters in this, but it is
indeed of a lake with mountains
with snow on top in the
background.
There are people, paraglide,
even the move to boats, people,
water skiing, there's a, there's
a, there's a Viking long with
with the car, prayer and people.
Running across the lake.
Motorboats splashed between a
raft the people swimming, people
canoeing. There's an igloos and
rescuers with that building in
national, it'll be making
sandcastles the name of England.
There are.
People playing volleyball,
people just sitting on fellow
playing a guitar that people
sitting behind boat and just
just hanging out and chatting
and enjoying the.
People danced and people
playing.
Well, want fellows to be right
always on. He's on here, a
Segway machine going across the
sand. He's got great big hyper
relate tires so you can do that
with the dog panting around
yapping and barking and playing
the swimming. The fellow is just
small, mild. With no hair or
yellow hat. He's caught
something and he's showing it
off in the jam jar. He's caught
in the water.
I have yet to see a school
Penguin that's supposed to be
ten of them, and I can't see
any.
See if I can find out anything.
There's a.
Paddle boarding.
Can't see a single Penguin, even
though they're supposed to be
10.
But the hundreds of people
enjoying themselves on this
idealic scene, there's a rustic
log cabin that maybe that's
where they have the gloves from.
There's lots of anchor. This
small, small Yalta dangers and
tales and.
There's a demonstration there's
people forming a human pyramid
being as they scale long making.
It's 1234 tiers to all
volunteers to all with maybe 20.
Being towed behind us boat.
paddle boat in the center.
People on, on, on inflatable.
Beds, something they're drifting
out to see people standing up to
their waist in the water looking
up everyone then people. More
and more people seem to be
looking up to the.
The the right hand side between
them. Maybe on the next page
we'll see what they're looking
at. Not everybody, but he's
looking at that.
A number of them are looking in
that direction.
Maybe they're looking for the
Penguins too.
#END_by_the_lake I don't know. I
don't see any penguins.
{Yeah, no, they're really
tricky.}
{Yeah, they're very tricky to
find. I was trying to look.}
{Yeah, let's see what we got
next. That was perfect.}
{OK, next we have another
scene.}
{OK, so like I said, like 10
minutes and whenever you're
ready.}
#START_make_a_splash OK, another
very busy scene all making a
splash.
No other than pee wee and
snowflakes spotted the bright
wiggly slides in the distance.
They've been pestering Amelia to
let them go to the water park.
Now the whole family is enjoying
splashing around. Annie is busy
organizing fun games for
everyone, while Brian is trying
to find the courage to.
Fight his fear of heights and
the giant flume. Can I pick out
all the Penguins one path
formance? Probably not.
But it is a water parks in a lot
of slides and.
People acting around all over
the place giant floating
inflatable bowl and giant
floatable frog seems.
Well, it's hundreds of children
enjoying enjoying water park
with slides. Some of the tunnels
like the open slides, they're
going to delete first, head
first.
There's a pirate ship has a
slide, people are sliding off
there. There's a dragon with two
pointy horns on its on its nose.
People are hanging on to that
and that's floating down through
the water. Park to someone has a
hose pipe and this is splashing
people from a bridge.
That inflatable pink elephant
started seeing on on this.
Client client on Galavant is
spouting water with trunk.
There are adults and children's
going using the using the
equipment, mainly children,
though there are some adults in
there.
Strangely, two people are
carrying a large inflatable #8
towards the water.
Still no Penguins?
Ohh I see a Penguin. Penguin on.
I found one. Penguin is going
down the slide so we're happy
about that. Good good, good.
There is a Penguin.
You know in the.
10 page near the top, going from
left to right down the slide.
There's no central common
purpose. I don't think other is
just a.
150 people enjoying a day out of
the year at the water.
#END_make_a_splash And it's like
there there's a queue, a line of
people coming in. There's even
more people coming aboard, make
it even more crowded. There's
still some space in the in, in,
in, in, in, in the water, but
not much. And as late as influx
of people, I think it's filling
and Miley.
{No, that's the better feeling.
OK, perfect.}
{And let me pull up the next
one.}
#START_being_a_pirate How to be
a porous as always, good to know
the rules of how to be a pirate.
And we have.
Large pirate ship under the
image with one.
To other smaller hardships and
in the background.
And the other ships have Jolly
Rogers skull crossbone flags
flying, so maybe there's 1A
larger one yet. A pirate ship. I
think perhaps the Pirates are
attacking it.
And.
Yeah, it's not flying any like
that. Boom, white flag flying
because maybe it's Argentinian,
but there's no skull and cross
yet there are.
Puffs of smoke. I wonder whether
it looks like the the the ship
is indeed being attacked and
it's firing cannon at its
assailants.
It is warm towards it in small
rowing boats, as well as the
other larger pirates signups in
the in the in the in the
tendons, the people in the
rigging. Defenders and attackers
are like the birds flying
overhead though you see a
portion of the land, an island
with sandy beach and palm trees.
People standing in the palm
trees in the branches watched
the battle there and see you.
There are many more biotech
industry than there are vendors
upon it, but they're trying to
defend themselves. They're
firing mega, there have blue
uniforms, many defenders have
blue uniforms, and the pirates
are in all manner of colours.
Maybe. Maybe the thoughts are
blue. I've already arrived on
the ship.
Taking control of it as a pirate
ship firing a cannon toward the
the sheer attacking and the
cannonball was broken. The masks
and it's impacted the shore
think it's days are numbered now
the Pirates are going to win.
No Penguins in this one, that I
can tell. There's things
supposed to have Penguins.
Good.
interesting that 1234 has
examine 8910.
Maybe 20?
Rain boats. You the giant squid
in the middle of it all the
giant green squid poking out of
the water and whose side is on.
But the guys and doesn't need to
be firing but you can see is
mouth.
Yeah, more and more people off
the land, the board boats and
going towards the ship, some
small boats coming back to the
land from from the.
Yeah.
They go down.
They've taken prisoners that
they've given them ashore. One
small boat has sunk, is broken
into two pieces, and that's
sinking just offshore, no one
says.
They're all doing about their
own business looking for
Penguins.
Strangely, there's a pirate if a
larger one sees were fired a
cannon? A small ship?
So whether these small boats are
in fact you've got the big ships
that's being attacked, maybe the
people using the small boats
lifeboats have to to escape.
Or maybe the virus shot the
wrong boat. Certainly they shot
this shot of the small boat.
People falling overboard the
splashes and one hits the
ground. The cannons golf and
like great cloud of smoke,
cannonball dropped to the ground
and into the sea about 20 feet
away. That didn't work.
People jumping off the side of
the ship, cannonballs flying all
over the place.
Oddly, cannibals the pirate.
Small pirate shivers fired his
cannon and chopped a palm tree
in half, though I don't think
they're very, very competent
pirates.
#END_being_a_pirate We have a
lot of fun and excitement saved.
{Let's see. I think it's about
all. Yeah, that's perfect. Oh,
and we have another scene next.}
{And like before, whenever
you're ready.}
#START_ancient_rome Fun and
games in ancient Rome. There you
go, we have the.
See the Colosseum again, it's
thrown people. Or watching what
ensuing in the arena down below.
And lots and lots he's going on.
We've got Chariots. We got
lions. Lots of people with
Spears.
Gladiators fighting each other.
All the crowd.
Is is is baying and waving their
arms around, and really.
Getting involved in the process.
Yeah, I can't see. Yes, I can
see Caesar is on his podium
overseeing the whole thing.
Lines are forming themselves
into a pyramid and using that to
climb out and go, and you have
these spectators that they're
escaping the arena and climbing
over the wall and into the
seating area, which is.
Interesting Caesar behind the
rank of zandura. The phalanx
perhaps is called, so he should
see for, at least for now.
Of those, some of the gladiators
trying to escape the arena.
Therefore you're human ladder
and climbing atop people each
other's heads to climb out of
the arena.
Lions just wandering around
randomly eating people one lion
is sitting there cross legged
with a knife and fork and a
napkin round his neck that he's
ready for his supper.
Strangely, there's a Chariots
were the horse is sitting where
the where the where the driver
ought to be, and he's now
lashing the two souls who were
pulling the horse in the.
Gladiators.
The.
Golf cart would Jared chariot.
Uh.
My lions seem to be having the
most one. There's some some
leopards as well. They're
devouring people.
Is.
The people are either eaten or
they're running away or they're
they're they're they're not not
really grasping the severity
situation. I think people near
us, the camera if you like the
bottom of the screen seems still
to be watching the games and see
you on the other side of the
picture the.
Well, they're actually being
attacked by lions. They seem to
be taking more seriously and
they're running away, which
quite wisely.
There's someone sitting in a
paddling pool in the middle of
all this, while alive with a
knife and fork in his hand, is
ready to do that next.
One person is being punched by a
strong man, and the person is.
Flying backwards, leaving his
shoes behind as the strongman
has punched him out of his
shoes.
There's so much in here it's
difficult to.
#END_ancient_rome Picking up any
one scene.
{It's approximate. So just take
approximately the 10 to 15
minutes and this will probably
be our last one for today.}
#START_journey that's
a city scene
Dedicated to Josephine. I don't
know why, because the writing is
too small. But we see.
Group of children and the.
The street level, there's a
mailbox.
The fire hydrant and traffic
lights.
Unread.
And they do not cross red handed
one way arrow, one way St Arrow.
And then we have another
building where sidewall has been
cut away like always so we can
see what's happening inside.
And also we see below the level
of the street. I think we've
seen the street before, but
maybe not this, this, the scene.
Will we see and under below
street that we see the?
Fellas eating fellas is for the.
We have.
33 year old and playing together
on a skateboard and bicycle and
the child standing on to one
side with a crayon. And I think
we've seen a boy with a crayon
before, so maybe this is.
For one, from that girl just
sitting, looking despondent,
sitting on a on the steps of
building with red scooter not,
not, not, not a motorized.
one you push along with
yourself? But it's bright red
that's leaning against near fire
hydrant. She's looking to
understand, waiting to go and do
something in the building we've
had cut away. We could see the
rooms inside fellow, would he,
resting his chin on his wrist
With the bookcase behind for
the.
Volume to the ticket on his
wall. So he's a student or a or
a professor of the big. Perhaps
the girl child was looking at
it.
I found the languishing on the
sofa beneath it landscape.
Picture on the wall.
We see the staircase coming
down. He is wallpaper into the
hallway where there's a large.
Chinese. Uh, flowers under the
table from the hall table to
portrait on the wall.
Will you be the mother or the
wife is cooking in the kitchen.
She got a pan of something on
the stove and there.
Open cupboard door with items of
food inside it So she's
preparing supper perhaps.
There is one bird in the sky one
Pigeon or seagull?
flying over the the tall
buildings.
There we go.
There we got we got. We got
through that a little.
Images all.
Let's say it's the mother. She's
preparing the girl.  child is
helping her. She got the red
scooter she's brought indoors.
She's preparing something on the
side table there is staring a
saucepan lifted the lid and
making sure summer is OK. While
she's doing that, she's also on
the phone. one of those older
telephones with the endless cord
that you can wander around the
house with it tucked under the
ear
Now child is gone to interfere
with her father, who's still
working on his computer.
Trying to work on his computer,
peering intently into the
screen, and the girl child is
dragging behind it a red kite
And leaning on like her father's
chair and presumably asking
questions.
Then the winds below that is
obvious. Sofa, we see the girl
child now probably still her
iPhone, doing a social media
with another girl next to her.
Not sure what that's doing with
suzuya. Smaller individual with
maybe a red ball. She's resting
her chin on that.
They're both.
Had a feet on the sofa sitting
on either end of it, facing each
other. Then we have another
picture of a room with the dog.
Held up in the Gray could be a
cat, suppose on his bed on the
floor in front of a chest of
drawers with the table lamp on
top of it, and the girl jumped,
the white top is sitting on his
bed. Maybe we look or.
Doing Facebook on his phone
We have the same same scene cat.
It was a cat, not a dog. The cat
is now walking out through the
open doorway and the child is
getting ready to get up off the
bed. There's papers and pens
dotted on the floor where the
cat was laughing.
the child on the floor picking
up the crown?
And drawing a doorway of the
wall into the into the wall, and
which has which transforms it
has made the door, and we see
the child disappearing through
the red door into the next page.
Which is a park like scene with
a river or stream meandering
through the limit, large trees,
tall trees and lanterns
suspended on on wires between
and amongst the trees.
The the red door that is opened
from the main trunk artery and
through the open door we see the
Charles bedroom beyond what it.
Came from his bedroom into this
magical.
Forest with.
Lanterns. what else is in this
scene. I think that maybe cat is
there, if indeed it was a cat,
cat, whatever. It's bad was. It
seems to their head, the child,
nothing floating on the stream.
With.
On the next page and the next
bit of the adventure, here we
go.
Charles is still in the in, in,
in, in wood with the lanterns
suspended from the trees.
No other creatures in in in
evidence. It's standing at the
edge of a small pier key.
They're called.
And now it's leaning over the
edge of the of the pier and
drawing a boat. With the process
of drawing the boat, it's lying
on its she's lying on her
stomach with her heels together
up in the air, and now the boat
has become a ride in. The
child's jumped in it and is
heading off downstream, leaving
leaving the land and the first
behind.
And we have a.
Castle Falls City.
With the boot and the lake and
the windmill in the background.
And bridge and.
Aqueduct above it, waterfalls
coming out of one of the
building.
Large, quite a quite a number of
building this wall the city
rather than that walled city I
think. But there is a castle in
there somewhere in the in the in
the background within this Wall
City there is a.
Building calculations, not
balconies. Not many people in
Athens. There's a gondolier type
thing being being pulled across
the aqueduct under the city,
with another one just going
through a Golden cup of
building.
The girl child is approaching
from the bottom left of the
image in its red boat.
Small tributary that that this
could be.
Going to go over the small
aqueduct going over the the
river or Moat and we're making
through making her way inside
the wall sitting on the boat.
So we're in some building down
on on on the city from above,
and there are indeed 1231 fourth
into four, at least four
different aqueducts with
gondolas upon them.
The girl is driving in her red
boat and people are waving her,
greeting her welcome. Welcome to
the city. There's a fellow in
the militaries looking on the
road, 1234 people waving.
Waving at her.
123 gondolas and other aqueducts
as a.
Shiny golden statue at one of
the towers.
And we can look down on roads of
all this is moving from the moat
with with with water.
The.
Old parody buildings like.
Mock Tudor, ideally the black
and white buildings and maybe in
the distance more.
Industrial.
Miss Flamboyant style
architecture.
Here we have the girl child
coming to the end of the
aqueduct and it suddenly stops
and she's about to plummet over
the edge down a waterfall.
Was two other gondolas on
different levels of watching
her, the men in the balcony
above her.
Seems to be shouting at him
back, child efficiently viewing
and reading, maybe ringing a
bell. She doesn't is oblivious
to this until she realizes
she's.
Folding the red boat away and
the girl child falls through the
earth, spinning through the air.
As she does so, she's drawing a
circle with a red crayon. A
magic crayon. Unless she falls,
she's drawing something too.
You will rescue her on the next
page.
And it is indeed the things you
withdrawing was a should be red
hot air balloon with a red
basket that she's in. And she's
heading toward the top, the
interesting Golden sculptor on
the sculpture, which is a.
Sailing boat. It's a weather
vane and heading towards that.
Building, and there are two
people waving at her. Welcoming
her
The next thing we see is a.
More mechanical, flying steam
driven paddle boat.
Which is in the clouds with a.
With the.
Mythical bird flying below and
the smaller flying boat also in
evidence.
Second one there with these five
votes.
{Because it's zoomed in, you
know.}
the girl with
the crayon is now wearing a
green shirt, she's looking over
the basket.
Over red hot air balloon and of
the clouds, but also at that
height, there's another. There's
another.
Fighting boat it's it's Morella.
Yeah, it is a boat but it has
like a inflatable?
hot air
the orinignal told page shaped
inflation device and the
propeller and the and the card
with the golden Helmet and God
were they 222 guns are holding a
third one over the edge which
has a.
net on a on a pole and he's
trying to catch up.
Purple bird, long long tail,
like a like a flying Peacock
perhaps and the.
Dark and sinister.
Paddle steamers is flying by
behind all of this. Maybe that's
the mothership for these
smaller, smaller flying boats,
but the intent seems to be catch
this mythical purple bird.
The picture now of the giant.
Floating.
Paddles steamer with smoke
billowing out of its two
chimneys.
It's it's it's made of metal.
Excuse me. As a propeller has a
landing pad at the rear third of
its maybe. Were the flying boats
land? where The people are
holding up golden bird cage it
could well be. And a third man
Golden Crown is directing them.
The girl child is flooding in
its red hot air balloon. It's
she's sitting in a basket.
These were getting closer to
this giant.
Flying clean pedal and there's
another small but it's two of
them behind as well.
In the glass.
A golden.
Dragon statue atop a pagoda
like.
Construction of the front end of
the giant.
Flying paddle steamer.
With two guards guarding a
golden cage with a with a bird
in. I don't yet know what sort
of bird it is. It might be the.
Mythical purple bag because we
see in the previous image there
are they. They may well have
captured the.
And two minutes carrying it
across a bridge.
Oh.
Slung with the pole over their
shoulders were gauge slung
below. The man with the crown is
again just directing matters.
The girl whose land the balloon
on the the assumed Lindy stage
we saw in the previous issue and
is now running across the.
Across the bridge wall of the
tire to go up and follow the
bird and the in the golden cage.
The flying paddle boat is is
very industrial and metal and
pay and.
Duh. But the portion of it with
the Flying Dragon is is, is is.
Is very splendid, very made of
gold, and the girl child is now
climbing the ladder towards
where the birds held captive in
its cage. The girl child has its
crayon in hand as it climbs the
ladder.
And she is rescued. The bird,
she's she's she's the
consolation of the guard who one
of them is dropped a spear
they're both looking at. Oh, no,
no, no. The girl stolen the cage
off its length.
Ready to run away with it?
Let me see.
Click screw really the interior
workings of the flying battles.
And there's 1234 different
levels. And there's also the
Beaver like ants running around
carrying Spears, lots of
machinery and dials and cogs and
wheels and.
Boilers.
They're following the girl and
they're all diving out towards
the front end of the, which is
like a a leading platform that
they're running. They're coming
downstairs and there is.
Following her with spears drawn
she's very very front end but
she released the bird though
mythical purple long tailed bird
and that is flying away in the
cage is lying down with his door
open and then with the crown is
all about. He's pointing urging
his guards to go and capture
girl capture the bird which is
flying away. The girl owned is
still on the on the boat whether
the.
Bird, we'll rescue her. {Next
page, we'll find it.}
No, the bird didn't rescue the
child, the man with the crown.
He's pointing at the.
The bird is probably far away.
The Girl child has dropped its
red crayon and the gold cages
door regard the bed has flown to
Guards restraining the girl
child and bird is gone. Or has
it? Yes, no no sign in the bird,
for the guards are now have the
girl child in a cage of its own,
not a golden with some sort of
restraining gate. She's peering
over the edge of his.
And it may well be droppings
cage, but via there's a a
captain that sort.
Two men are operating in the
child that I think being lowered
from the flying paddle steam.
Somewhere. {We'll find out on
the next page.}
The Girl child is indeed.
Hanging below the the the the.
The flying paddle steamer, but
it's very oversized kind of.
George is leaping up and Jan
waving her arms in the air
because the purple difficult
bird is returned and brought
with it. The magic red crayon to
the child that she's very
overjoyed now uses the the
crayon. She's drawing a
rectangular shape. There's not
complete but the the old purple
bird is sitting on an older and
then next page she's.
The bird is is watching what the
giant is drawing. All we see at
the moment is most of the
rectangle, so next page will
show us what it is.
She's drawn a magic carpet, of
course, and escaped the cage.
She's always looking down on the
wall.
I'm sitting on a Magic carpet,
been flying away, following the
Purple bird past the tower and
making good as it.
Escape is is is continues. The
bird is is leading the way. The
knight is drawing in the wall.
City with its minarets is in
Dallas, but we're on the
battlements looking out towards
the the scene. The girl is on
his magic carpet, flying away
following the bed. The stars all
over the sky is darkening as as
night falls, but off in the
distance.
Little range where it's just
still there's still daylight at
top of the range was as the sun
descends.
The dog, very quickly, the warm
one, ponderay, and that's where
we we land the girl and the.
Land flying garbage has a red
crayon, the magic crane, and and
and there is a door base of the
palm tree with a mythical purple
bird sitting next to.
The girl opened the door, which
is purple in the in the base of
the palm tree opens the purple
door.
And the bird flies through, and
the girl follows behind.
And emerges from a.
Mailbox scanner, FedEx Mail
where you post your mail, the
street corner mailbox and
emerges from the mailbox into
the city scene right next to the
one the only some of the traffic
lights which are now on green
and the bird flies out. Girl is
crawling out of boy in the
striped shirt with a as left
hand.
Leap runs toward either the girl
or the bird, or we see he's
helped the girl up from the
ground. The bird is perched on
his shoulder. The girl draws a
red circle and the board draws a
green circle. Or it might be
blue or I'm colorblind.
{And we'll see what they do with
this on the next page.}
They continue the drawing with
their magic crayons and they.
Because they had a tandem.
#END_journey The girl is sitting
in the front seat, the building
in the rear seat, and the girl
is pointing her fingers showing
the direction they're going to
go and the the large purple
mythical bird. The long tail is
flying behind them.
{OK, perfect. So yeah, go well
at least.}